fix: remove lint #![deny(const_err)] (#672)
rust-embedded/svd2rust: CHANGELOG.md

- Update `clap` to 4.0, use `irx-config` instead of `clap_conf`
- Add #[must_use] to prevent hanging field writers
- Remove explicit deref in `generic.rs` since it's done by auto-deref
- Make writing raw bits to a whole register safe if the SVD indicates
  so through the <WriteConstraint> element (see [v0.7.1] too).

> - Remove lint #![deny(const_err)] as it is removed in Rust

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove lint #![deny(const_err)] as it is a hard error in Rust now
```
